contrib/README.md, before:

Repository Tools
---------------------

### [Developer tools](/contrib/devtools) ###
Specific tools for developers working on this repository.
Contains the script `github-merge.py` for merging GitHub pull requests securely and signing them using GPG.

### [Verify-Commits](/contrib/verify-commits) ###
Tool to verify that every merge commit was signed by a developer using the above `github-merge.py` script.

### [Linearize](/contrib/linearize) ###
Construct a linear, no-fork, best version of the blockchain.

### [Qos](/contrib/qos) ###

A Linux bash script that will set up traffic control (tc) to limit the outgoing bandwidth for connections to the Itasecoin network. This means one can have an always-on itasecoind instance running, and another local itasecoind/itasecoin-qt instance which connects to this node and receives blocks from it.

### [Seeds](/contrib/seeds) ###
Utility to generate the pnSeed[] array that is compiled into the client.

Build Tools and Keys
---------------------

### [Debian](/contrib/debian) ###
Contains files used to package itasecoind/itasecoin-qt
for Debian-based Linux systems. If you compile itasecoind/itasecoin-qt yourself, there are some useful files here.

### [Gitian-descriptors](/contrib/gitian-descriptors) ###
Notes on getting Gitian builds up and running using KVM.

### [Gitian-keys](/contrib/gitian-keys)
PGP keys used for signing Itasecoin Core [Gitian release](/doc/release-process.md) results.

### [MacDeploy](/contrib/macdeploy) ###
Scripts and notes for Mac builds. 

### [RPM](/contrib/rpm) ###
RPM spec file for building itasecoin-core on RPM based distributions

### [Gitian-build](/contrib/gitian-build.sh) ###
Script for running full Gitian builds.

Test and Verify Tools 
---------------------

### [TestGen](/contrib/testgen) ###
Utilities to generate test vectors for the data-driven Itasecoin tests.

### [Verify Binaries](/contrib/verifybinaries) ###
This script attempts to download and verify the signature file SHA256SUMS.asc from itasecoin.org.

Commit message:

Renamed "itasecoin" to "itasecore"
"itasecoind" -> "itasecored"
"itasecoin-cli" -> "itasecore-cli"
"itasecoin-tx" -> "itasecore-tx"
"itasecoin-qt" -> "itasecore-qt"

contrib/README.md, after:

Repository Tools
---------------------

### [Developer tools](/contrib/devtools) ###
Specific tools for developers working on this repository.
Contains the script `github-merge.py` for merging GitHub pull requests securely and signing them using GPG.

### [Verify-Commits](/contrib/verify-commits) ###
Tool to verify that every merge commit was signed by a developer using the above `github-merge.py` script.

### [Linearize](/contrib/linearize) ###
Construct a linear, no-fork, best version of the blockchain.

### [Qos](/contrib/qos) ###

A Linux bash script that will set up traffic control (tc) to limit the outgoing bandwidth for connections to the Itasecoin network. This means one can have an always-on itasecored instance running, and another local itasecored/itasecore-qt instance which connects to this node and receives blocks from it.

### [Seeds](/contrib/seeds) ###
Utility to generate the pnSeed[] array that is compiled into the client.

Build Tools and Keys
---------------------

### [Debian](/contrib/debian) ###
Contains files used to package itasecored/itasecore-qt
for Debian-based Linux systems. If you compile itasecored/itasecore-qt yourself, there are some useful files here.

### [Gitian-descriptors](/contrib/gitian-descriptors) ###
Notes on getting Gitian builds up and running using KVM.

### [Gitian-keys](/contrib/gitian-keys)
PGP keys used for signing Itasecoin Core [Gitian release](/doc/release-process.md) results.

### [MacDeploy](/contrib/macdeploy) ###
Scripts and notes for Mac builds. 

### [RPM](/contrib/rpm) ###
RPM spec file for building itasecoin-core on RPM based distributions

### [Gitian-build](/contrib/gitian-build.sh) ###
Script for running full Gitian builds.

Test and Verify Tools 
---------------------

### [TestGen](/contrib/testgen) ###
Utilities to generate test vectors for the data-driven Itasecoin tests.

### [Verify Binaries](/contrib/verifybinaries) ###
This script attempts to download and verify the signature file SHA256SUMS.asc from itasecoin.org.
