Itasecore 1.1.0
===============

Itasecore 1.1.0 now available from:

  <https://github.com/milopms/itasecoin/releases/tag/v1.1.0/>

This is the first public release, including a lot of changes in the software, just as much in the frontend as in the backend. It is of course a recommended update for all users.

Please report bugs using the issue tracker at GitHub:

  <https://github.com/milopms/itasecoin/issues>

To receive security and update notifications, please watch Reddit, Twitter, Instagram or Discord:

  * https://www.reddit.com/r/itasecoin/
  * https://discord.gg/M86FaRchGb
  * @itasecoin on Instagram for update notifications
  * @itasecoin on Twitter for high priority announcements

Compatibility
==============

Itasecore 1.1.0 has been tested on Ubuntu LTS, Windows 7, Windows 10 and Windows 11

Itasecore should also work on most other Unix-like systems but is not
frequently tested on them.

Notable changes
===============

Main network, test network and regression test network initialized
-------------------------------

This release introduces the itasecoin blockchain. 1000 blocks have been premined on the mainnet, see the whitepaper for more explanation. the testnet and the regtestnet have also been initialized, they are mainly used by developers.


Blockchain Rules
----------------------------

Miners are now rewarded with 50 itasecoins per mined block. This
value of 50 itasecoins per mined block is divided by two every 630,000 blocks mined, automatically, by the
Itasecoin protocol. Furthermore, the network will not be able to generate more than 63,000,000 itasecoins.

The blocks generated by the Itasecoin network are 60% faster than those generated by the Litecoin
network and 90% faster than those generated by the Bitcoin network. As a result, we have drastically lowered
the difficulty calculation interval to 2 hours.

Finally, the block target has been reduced to 1 minute.


New Ports
---------------------

New ports has been added in the software.
Itasecore by default uses port `25075` for peer-to-peer communication that
is needed to synchronize the "mainnet" blockchain and stay informed of new
transactions and blocks. Additionally, a JSONRPC port can be opened, which
defaults to port `29045` for mainnet nodes. It is strongly recommended to not
expose RPC ports to the public internet.

| Function | mainnet | testnet | regtest |
| :------- | ------: | ------: | ------: |
| P2P      |   25075 |   19107 |   13107 |
| RPC      |   29045 |   12038 |   29074 |


DNS seeds and seed nodes
---------------------

One DNS seed and 2 seed nodes has been added to this version.
* seed.itasecoin.com (maintained by Milovan PMS - @milopms)

To see the seed nodes, see the commits please


Graphical Charter
---------------------

* Modified Itasecoin logo
* Modified Windows NSIS uninstall logo
* Modified Itasecore icons
* Modified testnet logo (green itasecoin)
* Adjusted splashscreen paddings
* Reworked introbox


Minor Changes
=============

* Corrections to French translations.
* Removed old Litecoin release notes.
* Modified README.md
* Modified CONTRIBUTING.md
* Modified other documents
* Removed the "v" in software version (v1.1.0 to 1.1.0)
* Added copyrights wherever needed
* Added website address wherever needed (https://itasecoin.com)
* Removed old seed nodes.

Credits
=======

* Milovan PMS (https://twitter.com/milopms - @milopms)
